---
layout: post
current: post
cover:  assets/images/welcome.jpg
navigation: True
title: Welcome to Home-Assistant.space
date: 2018-02-04 17:28:00
tags: [Getting started]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post tag-getting-started'
author: dgomes
---

Welcome to Home-Assistant Space.

Space is full of stars many of which we are unware of their name, but can look at them in the night. Like the stars, Home-Assistant ecosystem of Components, UI's and themes is very diverse, many of which have not been captured in the official repository and documentation.

We want this site to be the go to place for Home-Assistant users looking to enhance their deployments. We want to host everything that doesn't fit nicely into the [official webpage](http://home-assistant.io/), but which deserves our attention as users of Home-Assistant. We are currently in-listing editors and contributors, if you feel you can contribute, [drop us a message](mailto:editor@home-assistant.space).

### What can you find here:
1. Custom Components. Many developers have created components that have not made it yet into the project official repository. They are either in beta, serve a very narrow purpose, or the community that might profit from them is too small. We are space here for everyone, we want to talk about your components, share use-case examples screenshots and configurations.
2. Custom UI's. Again, many developers have created custom UI's that improve or enhance Home-Assistant UI. We want too share those Custom UI's with everyone.
3. Custom Themes. White and Blue might not be your thing, we want to share your beautiful palettes with everyone.


Home-Assistant.space is community driven. That means that you can become a guest editor. Find out more in the [About section](/about).
